storage-network: add doc (#509)
longhorn/website: content/docs/1.3.0/advanced-resources/deploy/storage-network.md

Longhorn will apply the same annotation to any new instance-manager, backing-image-manager, and backing-image-data-source pods.

> **Warning**: Do not change this setting with volumes attached.
>
> Longhorn will try to block this setting update when there are attached volumes.

# Setting Storage Network

## Prerequisite

The Multus NetworkAttachmentDefinition network for the storage network setting must be reachable in pods across different cluster nodes.

You can verify by creating a simple DaemonSet and try ping between pods.

### Setting Storage Network During Longhorn Installation
Follow the [Customize default settings](../customizing-default-settings/) to set Storage Network by changing the value for the `storage-network` default setting

> **Warning:** Longhorn instance-manager will not start if the Storage Network setting is invalid.
>
> You can check the events of the instance-manager Pod to see if it is related to an invalid NetworkAttachmentDefintion with `kubectl -n longhorn-system describe pods -l longhorn.io/component=instance-manager`.
>

> > If this is the case, provide a valid `NetworkAttachmentDefinition` and re-run Longhorn install.

Reviewer: Should we change to this?

```suggestion
> If this is the case, provide a valid `NetworkAttachmentDefinition`, then Longhorn will automatically restart all related managed pods.
```

Author: This is for fresh installing Longhorn with the storage network in the default setting. I think re-running the install is more straightforward.
